---
layout: ../../layouts/Base.astro
title: "The Future is Scary!"
date: 2025-09-07
summary: "But progress is never slow, provided it's forward"
exclusive: true
external: true
---
## So a slight confession...

Creating content isn't new to me. And (hopefully) it's clear that Data isn't new to me.
Gathering, cleaning, transforming, combining, analysing and reporting on data has been a part of my job for longer than I care to imagine. I don't wanna give away my age or anything, but let's say that the first number rhymes with *'Shmore'*

Recording and editing video and audio is also not new to me - It's not my forte but I've got enough experience to keep this going for a while; until some kind souls can point me in the direction to help me learn more. If all else fails, I'll do the Reddit trick where I post a question, then, signed in as an alt account, deliberately post the wrong answer.

It's a trick I learned a while ago which proves that some people will always jump to help. But even more people will happily correct an incorrection... the problem comes from figuring out which are the *correct corrections* of the original incorrect correction. Unless one day I accidentally correct the correction correctly (my head hurts - isn't English weird?!)

But anyway, back to the point... *web creation* is new to me.

I've done HTML/CSS/JS courses many years ago. And part of a role a while ago meant I had to have at least a cursory knowledge of how websites work. But building my own? It's new. It's exciting.

Now I understand that if you're reading this close to the original publish date you might look at my humble site and think (if you're kind), "Meh, it's functional but nothing special". And you would be forgiven for saying such things!
But I plan to get some deep functionality on this site over the coming weeks. Some of it, wil come at a cost to me and so it seems that I'll need to go down the route of ads. Unless of course I win the lottery/inherit a fortune from a long lost aunty with bad breath and a missing finger that they never spoke about...

What's really interesting is [Episode 2 of Data with Duke](https://youtu.be/U4-nloIguAc) talks about how data is generated by all of us just through normal and usual actions (or inactions) from our daily lives.

So when I add ads onto the site, every visitor will likely get a unique experience. Because like Social Media feeds, Spotify playlists and your Loyalty Card vouchers, the ads you receive on websites will often be tailored to your own unique browsing experience.

Of course it's a lot more complex than that (so don't worry.. **THOSE** ads would probably show up even if you *didn't* clean up your browser history), but it would be curious to know what ads you're seeong on my site. Let me know in the comments or [drop me a message](/contact)

Oh! And don't forget to check out my Facebook and Instagram pages - more coming in the next few weeks but I'll be using that platform to teach some quick wins when analysing Spreadsheet data.

See you soonish!